README.md, before:

# Multi Step Form

Users are able to:

-Complete each step of the sequence
-See a summary of their selections on the final step and confirm their order
-View the optimal layout for the interface depending on their device's screen size
-See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page

## Table of Contents
- [Demo](https://main--dictionary-web-app-hppy.netlify.app/)
- [Features](#features)
- [Screenshoot](#screenshot)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)

## Demo
You can see a live demo of the form [here](https://main--dictionary-web-app-hppy.netlify.app/).

## Features
- *text input:* fill the form.

## Screenshot

<!-- ![Screenshot 2024-07-01 082156](https://github.com/happyGikundiro/Password-Generator-App/assets/172483008/19f93181-d18e-4dc4-b141-557afa63f4c8) -->

## Installation
To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites
- A modern web browser

### Steps
1. Clone the repository
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/happyGikundiro/Multi-step-form.git
2. Navigate to the project directory
   ```sh
   cd Multi-step-form
3. use ng serve to view the app.

## Usage
1. Fill the form from each step.
2. Choose your plan either monthly or yearly.
3. Select adds-on.

Commit message:

added deployed link into readme file

README.md, after:

# Multi Step Form

Users are able to:

-Complete each step of the sequence
-See a summary of their selections on the final step and confirm their order
-View the optimal layout for the interface depending on their device's screen size
-See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page

## Table of Contents
- [Demo](https://main--hppy-multistep-form.netlify.app/)
- [Features](#features)
- [Screenshoot](#screenshot)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)

## Demo
You can see a live demo of the form [here](https://main--hppy-multistep-form.netlify.app/).


## Screenshot

file:///C:/Users/User/OneDrive/Pictures/Screenshots/Screenshot%202024-07-17%20235501.png

## Installation
To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites
- A modern web browser

### Steps
1. Clone the repository
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/happyGikundiro/Multi-step-form.git
2. Navigate to the project directory
   ```sh
   cd Multi-step-form
3. use ng serve to view the app.

## Usage
1. Fill the form from each step.
2. Choose your plan either monthly or yearly.
3. Select adds-on.
4. get the summary from the form
